Improve image entity documentation (#1822)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/entity/image.md

| Name                     | Type        | Default      | Description                                                                                                                        |
| ------------------------ | ---------   | ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| content_type             | str         | `image/jpeg` | The content-type of the image, set automatically if the image entity provides a URL.                                               |
| image_last_updated       | datetime    | `None`       | Timestamp of when the image was last updated. Used to determine `state`. Frontend will refetch the image when this changes.        |
| image_url                | str or None | `UNDEFINED`  | Optional URL from where the image should be fetched.                                                                               |

## Methods

### Image

Implement `async_image` or `image` if your entity returns bytes of the image instead of providing a URL.

Note that:

> - The image entity's `async_image` or `image` method is only called when frontend fetches the image
> - Frontend will only refetch the image when the image entity's state changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The image entity's `async_image` or `image` method is only called when frontend fetches the image.
- Frontend will only refetch the image when the image entity's state changes.
```

> This means it's not correct to bump the `image_last_updated` property inside `async def async_image`, it should instead be done as part of state update to signal that an updated image is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means it's incorrect to bump the `image_last_updated` property inside `async def async_image`. It should instead be done as part of a state update to signal that an updated image is available.
```
